Fix xdr hostname fetch incidents (#25393)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/4_10_29.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> - Fixed an issue in the **fetch-incidents** and the **xdr-get-incident-extra-data** command where the `Endpoint.Hostname` value returned to the context was invalid.

Reviewer: I would give some more information, like : before we returned "endpoint:id", now w return them seperate.

Author: i have updated the release-notes to be a bit different (also from your suggestion), let me know what you think

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> - Fixed an issue in the **fetch-incidents** and the **xdr-get-incident-extra-data** command where the `Endpoint.Hostname` value returned to the context was invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the **fetch-incidents** and **xdr-get-incident-extra-data** commands where the `Endpoint.Hostname` value returned was invalid.
```

> - Added to the **fetch-incidents** and the **xdr-get-incident-extra-data** command the `Endpoint.ID` context output which is the endpoint agent ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `Endpoint.ID` context output to the **fetch-incidents** and **xdr-get-incident-extra-data** commands.
```
